# Results

The subdirectories in this directory contain the input and output files needed for running the experiments in [1]:
- `default_config`: contains input and output files for running an experiment for a default IoT data exchange system (without priorities or drop rates).
- `edict`: contains input and output files for running experiments with the [EDICT simulator](https://github.com/satrai-lab/edict).
- `edict_validation`: contains input and output files for running experiments to validate that the results of EDICT match with the emulated network environment used for PlanEMQX.
- `helper_scripts`: contains helper scripts for generating results. 
- `planemqx`: contains input and output files for running experiments to evaluate the performance of PlanEMQX.

In addition, this directory contains scripts for visualizing experiment results.

## Visualizing Results
We provide Python scripts for visualizing results of experiments and plotting graphs similar to those found in [1]. You can run a script with the following command:
`$ python <script_name> <path_to_output_file>`
where `<script_name>` is the name of the script that you would like to run, and `<path_to_output_file>` is the path to the location where you wish to generate the graph. We provide 4 scripts:
- `bar_chart.py`: plots a bar char showing the average response time per application category for PlanEMQX vs. a default configuration of the data exchange system.
- `box_plot`: plots a box plot of the response times per application category for PlanEMQX vs. a default configuration of the data exchange system.
- `edict_vs_default`: plots a curve showing response times for simulations generated by EDICT vs. simulations with the emulated network environment used with PlanEMQX.
- `scatter_plot`: plots a scatter plot of the average response time per topic for PlanEMQX vs. a default configuration of the data exchange system.